brainidf/README.md, before:

# SparkleMotion Brain in Rust

This is the esp-idf-\{hal,svc\} version of the brain. It synthesizes
[examples](https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-idf-svc/blob/e0d9c76e83122ac991526a6c6f296b12cf698258/examples/tcp_async.rs)
and some chatter in the esp-rs matrix room.

The main reason we need esp-idf-svc is for RMII ethernet support.

## Supported Boards

This version of the brain only supports ESP32 as it requires RMII for Ethernet.

## Features

- Ethernet or WiFi (the current code only has Ethernet enabled).
- Check in with Pinky
- Render PixelShader
- Re-send BrainHello when we haven't heard from Pinky in 5s
- Handle fragmented messages

## TODO

- OTA firmware updates
- Handle Mapping messages
- Gamma Correction

### Development Setup

```bash
cargo install --locked espup espflash cargo-espflash && espup install -v 1.88.0 && . ~/export-esp.sh
```

### Run

```
cargo run --release
```

### IDE Support

I recommend using VSCode to develop. First open a terminal and export the esp
env vars with `. ~/export-esp.sh`, then run `code .` in the same terminal so it
inherits the configuration.

Commit message:

initial dithering
occasional glitching over wifi, will attempt to reduce allocations next

brainidf/README.md, after:

# SparkleMotion Brain in Rust

This is the esp-idf-\{hal,svc\} version of the brain. It synthesizes
[examples](https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-idf-svc/blob/e0d9c76e83122ac991526a6c6f296b12cf698258/examples/tcp_async.rs)
and some chatter in the esp-rs matrix room.

The main reason we need esp-idf-svc is for RMII ethernet support.

## Supported Boards

This version of the brain only supports ESP32 as it requires RMII for Ethernet.

## Features

- Ethernet or WiFi (WiFi is enabled with `--no-default-features -F wifi`).
- Check in with Pinky
- Render PixelShader
- Re-send BrainHello when we haven't heard from Pinky in 5s
- Handle fragmented messages
- Handle Mapping messages

## TODO

- OTA firmware updates
- Gamma Correction

### Development Setup

```bash
cargo install --locked espup espflash cargo-espflash && espup install -v 1.88.0 && . ~/export-esp.sh
```

### Run

```
cargo run --release
```

### IDE Support

I recommend using VSCode to develop. First open a terminal and export the esp
env vars with `. ~/export-esp.sh`, then run `code .` in the same terminal so it
inherits the configuration.
